oh hey what's up it's great food here
and I'm hanging out in the Minecraft
world of the Annoying Orange that's
right I'm out in the middle of nowhere
the next one everybody keeps trying to
TP to me and then I let them and I let
them do that because I'm in the middle
of nowhere let's see who's with me if
let's turn off the old chat because I
would like to the see who's hanging out
I don't need him to talk alright so hey
look at these guys hey you want to come
play it my my Island alright let's check
out the option and see what you can do
with the chat on and the scale hmm
let's bring oh you can bring all that
way down that's way better and if you're
recording it makes it so much easier
that it's not covering my face and there
we go oh right now it playing check it
out everybody's like oh yeah what's a
real good time TP except welcome to my
island of lava alright so maybe I'm not
the nicest guy in universe but at the
same time check out my awesome squid
check them out you know what's funny I
know he shouldn't do this and people
won't like it but it is a minecraft
let's play then I'm gonna brag about
Minecraft let's kill ya look you're a
squid even though you're not supposed to
yeah what's up buddy I can't see crap oh
what's up squiddy Oh total toast now you
would think that great food is a bad
person for this but the truth is I am
NOT let's bring more people to the lava
party this is what it is it's a lava
patty hey let's have a lava patty yeah
you know that's okay I love your vids
man yeah I love my vids too because I'm
amazing
oh look at these guys they're all
hanging out they're like oh look at me I
can't swim whoa look at me I can't fly
Oh the grapefruit can because I've got
magical powers get out of here
yeah what's up punk I just hit that kid
Yeah right
oh yeah your fight Oh how's your face
too got a diamond sword all right
yeah maybe these kids just want to play
and if they want to play maybe I should
just do what what do you think you doing
nasca freaky toast
oh let's see what these kids doing over
here la la la la la with this was
hanging out boom baby boom boom hey like
whoa what's gonna what's happening you
know what maybe be friends and it's
probably because I'm really mean and I'm
not going on the Lilly Lilly Lilly let's
have a lover boy woohoo oh oh it's a
good thing I can fly it's a lava party
and you're not invited unless I to
invite you and then I try to sword you
in the face
best dog ever all right so DP except I'm
bringing everybody to the lava party and
everybody's gonna have a wicked good
time and and then I'm gonna just totally
you know bomb these kids with
unsuspecting blows to the brains because
it's you know what I don't really
integrated me today sometimes he's gonna
work out your aggression out of me
that's just a lesson for you learning
life oh let it need people oh oh
Villa de gran can't kill me kid I'm
totally killed Oh welcome to my lava
islands bunker Oh out that lava taste
boom baby oh sorry you did great food
kills everyone should be the calls in
this video oh so much fun to be picking
on Ollie's oh you get out here ok - crap
that's right run die kid
alright so my therapist says I shouldn't
be just killing people randomly in this
game and that it's somewhat of a god
complex and that I shouldn't be inviting
people through my dangerous lava island
alright that's something to consider in
the next video I make subscribe
grapefruit channel my name is a
grapefruit and we'll see you next time
kids and uh and if I don't keep a few TP
to me and I accidentally kill you it's
only because my heart is filled with
rage alright bye bye
you